￼Anthony J. Ellis
ajellis1989@gmail.com
919-257-0514
github.com/hieshin431


DEVELOPMENT SKILLS
 ———————————————————————————————————————
Languages - Ruby
Web Frameworks - Rails
Databases - SQLite, PostgresSQL
Version Control - Git, Github
Methodologies - Agile, Object-Oriented Design, Test-Driven Development


EDUCATION
———————————————————————————————————————
The Iron Yard, Durham, NC, Ruby on Rails 08/2015 – 11/2015
  Attended an intensive three month code school to learn the fundamentals of web development. Completed web applications daily using Ruby on Rails and some HTML, CSS and Javascript.

University of North Carolina at Wilmington 06/2007 – 05/2010
  Studied Saxophone performance with a focus in jazz under Mr. Frank Bongiorno.

NOTABLE PROJECTS
———————————————————————————————————————
Communicant
  - Designed to be a means of communication for people who are in the midst of divorce or child
  custody proceedings. Court-appointed mediators can access the app and help facilitate the
  communication process.
  - Ruby on Rails app with Angular front end components.

Github Clone
  - App using Github’s API, designed to mimic the Github user profile page.
  - Can search any Github user, and will provide a profile page of theirs, built using Ruby on
  Rails as well as Javascript and CSS
  
OTHER EXPERIENCE
——————————————————————————————————————-
National Jewelry & Pawn - Wilmington, NC 08/2011 -08/2015 Pawnbroker
  - Increased sales of a variety of products such as laptops, video game systems, jewelry, etc.
  - Assisted customers with any product related questions
  - Determined the value of many different items and worked with a variety of customers
￼￼￼
